Update AKS start-stop-cluster.md explain pod lifecycle not honored. (#107739)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/start-stop-cluster.md

- The cluster state of a stopped AKS cluster is preserved for up to 12 months. If your cluster is stopped for more than 12 months, you can't recover the state. For more information, see the [AKS support policies](support-policies.md).
- You can only start or delete a stopped AKS cluster. To perform other operations, like scaling or upgrading, you need to start your cluster first.
- If you provisioned PrivateEndpoints linked to private clusters, they need to be deleted and recreated again when starting a stopped AKS cluster.

> - AKS will scale down VMSS to 0

Reviewer: vmss -> nodepool

>   - pod won't be drained, since no where for them to go, since all VM is getting deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Pods won't be drained since there are not destination nodes available for them.
```

- The cluster state of a stopped AKS cluster is preserved for up to 12 months. If your cluster is stopped for more than 12 months, you can't recover the state. For more information, see the [AKS support policies](support-policies.md).
- You can only start or delete a stopped AKS cluster. To perform other operations, like scaling or upgrading, you need to start your cluster first.
- If you provisioned PrivateEndpoints linked to private clusters, they need to be deleted and recreated again when starting a stopped AKS cluster.
- Impact on pod lifecycle: 
  - as part of scaledown, AKS won't issue drain to nodes

>     - since all VM is going to shutdown, pods have no destination to land.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - since all nodes will shutdown, pods have no destination to land.
```

  - so, pod lifecycle is not guaranteed during stop.
    - kubelet receive stop signal from VM stop, and exit itself.
    - kubelet won't stop pod. (consider kubelet get killed randomly, you don't want running pod get impacted)

>     - any pod prestop hook won't work, since kubelet exit on is own, and prestop hook is execute by kubelet.

Reviewer: suggest simplify to

- Pod lifecycle is not guaranteed since kubelet will receive a stop signal and exit. This means:
  - Pods won't receive a stop signal
  - Any prestop hooks will not work
